---
title: Learn more about how we hire
permalink: learn-more/

subnav:
  - text: Equal opportunity employment
    href: "#tts-is-an-equal-opportunity-employer"
  - text: Hiring authorities
    href: "#hiring-authorities"
  - text: Eligibility
    href: "#eligibility"

---

## TTS is an equal opportunity employer

We’re building a team that reflects the United States. We don’t
discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or
expression, national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation,
marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an
employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service,
or other non-merit factors.

## Hiring authorities

There are two primary types of [hiring
authorities](https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/working-in-government/service/)
used by TTS: Competitive Service and Excepted Service. The application
and hiring process will vary slightly based on the type of role you
apply for.

**Competitive Service:** All competitive service roles must be applied
to by completing the application process at usajobs.gov. Individuals go
through a competitive hiring process before being selected and
appointed. This process is open to all applicants. Competitive service
roles are considered “career roles,” which means they are not limited to
a specific period of time or term. This hiring process may consist of a
written test, an evaluation of the individual’s education and
experience, or an evaluation of other attributes necessary for
successful performance in the position to be filled.

**Excepted Service:** These roles are “not to exceed” (NTE) positions,
which means they are two-year terms and can be extended once for a total
of four years of service. These roles are not required to be posted on
usajobs.gov. Instead, candidates can apply via our online application.

## Eligibility

For **Competitive Service** roles: All United States citizens and
nationals (residents of American Samoa and Swains Islands) are eligible
to apply.

For **Excepted Service** roles: All United States citizens and nationals
(residents of American Samoa and Swains Islands) are eligible to apply,
and applicants must not be current GSA employees or contractors.
